As all non-administrators are inherently blocked from running even the simplest of batch files, yet can utilize macro enabled workbooks, I turned to creating Macro Enabled Workbooks so that users could more effectively carry out their required tasks. 

1. The Duty Roster Creator was started as an attempt to minimize human error, and ensure fair distribution of duties for not only each company, but also each section within those companies. 

The main document is the Able Body Report Roster, which imports and stores information form three separate personnel rosters. The information from these combined rosters identifies who can stand duty and how many of each duty position to give each company and each of their sections while ensuring that no section or company is unnecessarily over or under tasked. This information is then exported to a new Duty Roster for the selected month and year where holidays and weekends are automatically highlighted. Said Duty Roster is then duplicated and renamed according to each company, then merged at a later date to create a complete battalion Duty Roster.

2. The SF-153 Creator was designed as a way to quickly and efficiently manage thousands of serialized items for each company and section as necessary for inventories, transfers, destructions, etc. SF-153s are most commonly used as a paper trail to show that a group is in possession or otherwise responsible for a number of serialized items whose classification can vary. It can create an SF-153 for each company and all of their items at once, or create individual SF-153s, depending on the user’s preference.

3. The HARP form was designed on my own initiative to improve the original paperwork, and was my first project while learning VBAs and Excel Macros. With the intent of making it more user friendly and easier to use for all parties while simultaneously ensuring that there were certain measures in place to help prevent information from being altered after it was entered by the appropriate persons.